Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hoo-wee! Your very
first princess summit!
You must be over the
moon, Twilight.
Oh, I am excited.
But to be honest I'm
a little nervous too.
You're nervicited!
It's like you want to jump
up and down and yell,
"Yay me!"
But you also want to curl
up in a teeny-tiny ball
and hide at the same time!
We've all been there!
I'm there almost every day.
You got no reason to fret, Twi.
Everything's gonna be just...
Twilight!
Oh, sorry, darling.
But I just realized you're
not wearing your crown.
You haven't forgotten it
back in Ponyville, have you?
It's in my bag.
I just feel a little
self-conscious about wearing it.
I haven't really gotten
accustomed to these yet either.
You are a princess now,
Twilight. Embrace it.
I'm telling you, if I
had a crown like that,
I would never take it off.
Why, I'd sleep in the thing!
Her Highness, Princess
Twilight Sparkle.
Twilight! I haven't seen
you since the coronation.
We have so much to discuss.
But it can wait until tomorrow.
You all look tired
from your journey.
Now, off to bed, all of you.
What's wrong, Twilight?
I don't know, Spike.
I'm just worried, I guess.
Princess Cadence was given the
Crystal Empire to rule over.
What if now that I'm a princess
Celestia expects me to
lead a kingdom of my own?
That would be awesome!
No it would not.
Just because I have this
crown and these wings,
it doesn't mean I'll
be a good leader.
Aw, sure you will, Twilight.
But come on, you should
get some shuteye.
Big day tomorrow.
Ugh! Can't tuck! Ugh!
Just trying to get comfortable!
Ugh!
♪ My Little Pony
My Little Pony ♪
♪ My Little Pony ♪
♪ You know you are my
very best friends. ♪
Huh? What?
Oh!
My crown! She's got my crown!
Stop! Please!
- She's stolen my crown!
- What?
Stop!
What did you do with my crown?
Sorry it had to be this way...
...Princess.
Who was that?
Sunset Shimmer,
a former student of mine.
She began her studies with
me not long before Twilight.
But when she did not
get what she wanted
as quickly as she liked,
she turned cruel and dishonest.
I tried to help her,
but she eventually decided
to abandon her studies
and pursue her own path,
one that has sadly led her
to stealing the crown.
She replaced Twilight's
with this one.
I suppose Sunset Shimmer thought
she wouldn't notice right away
that this was not yours.
And by the time you did,
it would be too late
to go after your crown
and Element of Harmony.
But I don't understand.
Where did she go?
Where did she take the crown?
You'll soon know more about
this place than even I do.
This is no ordinary mirror.
It is a gateway to another world,
a gateway that opens
once every 30 moons.
It's sparkly!
It has always been kept in the
throne room of Canterlot Castle,
but when Princess Cadence
took over the Crystal Empire,
we sent it here for
her to watch over.
I had always hoped Sunset
Shimmer would use it to return,
to come back to Equestria
seeking my guidance.
Obviously this is not
what has happened.
Twilight, you must use the mirror
to go into this other world
and retrieve your crown.
Without it, the other Elements
of Harmony have no power,
and Equestria is left without
one of its most important
means of defense.
Your crown does not
belong in the place
Sunset Shimmer now calls home.
And in her position,
your Element of Harmony
will no doubt be used to bring harm
to the inhabitants
of this other realm.
They will not have the power
to defend themselves.
Do you understand the
importance of your task?
Of course.
Good. Then you must go at once.
Whoah whoah whoah!
She's goin', we're goin' with her!
Right, girls?
Ooh, I'm so nervicited!
You do realize that's
not a real word, right?
I'm afraid I can't let you go.
What? Why not?
Sending all of you could
upset the balance
of this alternate world,
creating havoc that would
make it impossible
for Twilight to get the crown
back from Sunset Shimmer.
This is something Princess
Twilight must do alone.
Time is of the essence.
On the third day, when the
moon reaches its peak
in the night sky,
the gateway will close.
And once it does, it
will be another 30 moons
before you will be able
to use it to return.
- It's all right!
- Don't worry, Twilight!
- You'll do fine!
- You'll be back before you know it!
Great!
Spike! No!
Uh, Twilight?
Huh? Spike,
you're not supposed to...
Spike?
Are you a dog?
I think so.
But I have no idea what you are!
Huh?
Twilight, you have
to get it together.
What does the rest of me look like?
Um, like you, only not you.
Your muzzle's really small.
My muzzle?
Are you gonna scream again?
Where are we?
I don't know, but that must serve
as the gateway back to Equestria.
We need to find my crown
as soon as possible
and get back there.
I suggest we start searching
the castle first.
Works for me.
Yeah, I don't think that's how
the new you is supposed to...
Whoa!
Come on, Spike. I do not
want to be like this
for longer than I have to.
Look on the bright side.
You don't have those pesky
wings to worry about anymore.
Hmm.
My magic. It isn't working.
Makes sense. You don't
exactly have your horn.
What?
We really need to
find you a mirror.
What do you think, Spike?
Other artifacts she's
stolen from Equestria?
What am I?
Huh? Oh!
Whoa!
You Okay?
I don't think this is a castle.
♪ I've never seen a place
that was quite like this ♪
♪ Everything is turned around ♪
♪ This crazy world is upside down ♪
♪ Getting on my feet ♪
♪ It's the hand that I was dealt ♪
♪ But I don't have
much time with them ♪
♪ I've got to learn all I can ♪
♪ They don't use any magic ♪
♪ Or fly with any wings ♪
♪ I don't get these funny clothes ♪
♪ Skinny legs, a tiny nose ♪
♪ Everything's confusing
when it seems so new ♪
♪ But I look a little closer ♪
♪ and it starts to
feel familiar too ♪
♪ What a strange new world ♪
♪ I'm trying to make
heads or tails ♪
♪ of this strange new world ♪
♪ Sorting through
the small details ♪
♪ of this strange new world ♪
♪ What a strange new world. ♪
I'm really sorry.
I just found it and I thought
I should give it to her.
I didn't know you had dropped it.
Well, I did, and I was
about to get it
before you swooped in
and ruined everything!
You shouldn't pick up things
that don't belong to you.
It doesn't really
belong to you either.
Excuse me?
Nothing.
That's what I thought.
It's as good as mine
and you know it.
You really are pathetic.
It's no wonder your best
friends are all stray animals.
How dare you speak to her that way?
What did you say?
I said, How dare you
speak to her that way?
You must be new here.
I can speak to anyone
any way I want.
I can't believe you did that.
I couldn't just stand there.
Well, it's just that nobody ever
stands up to Sunset Shimmer.
Sunset Shimmer?
You've heard of her?
Sort of.
I don't think I've seen
you around before.
Did you just transfer
to Canterlot High
from another school?
Um, yes.
Another school.
My name's Twilight.
I'm... Fluttershy.
Sorry, what was that?
It's Fluttershy.
It sounds like you're
saying "Fluttershy",
but how can that...
Oh, my goodness!
Who's this sweet little guy?
That's Spike, my, uh, dog.
Oh, he's so cute!
Go on, eat up, little pup!
Wouldn't you just give anything
to know what they're
really thinking?
He usually just tells me.
What do you mean?
Oh, uh, nothing. Never mind.
Sunset Shimmer said you
picked something up,
something that belonged to her.
It wasn't a crown, was it?
How did you know?
Uh, lucky guess?
Do you still have it?
Huh-uh.
But you know what happened to it.
Mm-hmm.
This morning, I was
passing out flyers
for the animal shelter like
I do every Wednesday...
Canterlot Animal Shelter
needs more volunteers.
Won't you help an animal
that can't help itself?
Ow!
I have no idea how it got there,
but I didn't want
anything to happen to it,
so I decided to give it
to Principal Celestia.
Principal Celestia?
She's the ruler here?
You could say that.
Technically I guess she
and Vice Principal Luna
do make the rules.
Where is she now?
Probably in her office.
Third door on your left.
Thank you!
Oh, wait!
You're not really supposed to
have pets on school grounds.
Might want to tuck him
into your backpack.
That's what I do.
They just get so lonely
when I'm at school all day.
Oh, okay. Thank you!
Oh no! I'm late for class!
Come in.
How may I help you?
Um, uh, oof.
My name's Twilight Sparkle.
I'm new here, and, well,
I understand that Fluttershy
found a crown this morning
and gave it to you.
Yes. I've had Vice Principal Luna
put it somewhere for safekeeping.
No idea how it ended
up on the front lawn.
Were you interested in running
for Princess of the
Fall Formal this year?
Uh, no, not exactly.
The truth is...
well, the truth is, I...
you see... the crown is actually...
Princess of the Fall Formal?
It's Canterlot High's
big Fall dance.
Like the Grand Galloping Gala.
Uh, Grand Galloping Gala?
Oh, uh, it was a big
deal at my old school.
And was there a princess?
Yes, but she wasn't
exactly a student.
Here at Canterlot High
the students select one of
their peers to represent them.
She receives her crown
at the Fall Formal.
Hmm.
You asked if I was interested
in running for Princess.
Can anyone run?
Yes. You just need to let the head
of the Fall Formal
Planning Committee
know you'd like to
be on the ballot.
Was there anything else?
Um, nope. That was it.
Well if you do need anything else,
my door is always open.
Twilight, why didn't
you just tell her
the crown was yours
and ask for it back?
Well, I was going to,
but imagine if one of them
showed up in Equestria
saying they came from a place
filled with tall mushy
two-legged creatures
with these, we'd think
they were crazy!
Hmm. You make a good point.
Looks like if I want my crown back,
I'll have to become Princess of
the Canterlot High Fall Formal.
So that's what I'm gonna do!
And how exactly do you
plan on doing that?
I have no idea!
I know we've just met,
but I was wondering
if you might be able to
help me with something.
Of course.
I've decided to run for Princess
of the Fall Formal, and...
Oh, gosh! Sorry.
It's just running for
Fall Formal Princess
is a really bad idea.
Why?
Sunset Shimmer wants to
be Fall Formal Princess.
And when she wants
something, she gets it.
She'll make life awful for
anyone who stands in her way.
Just ask the girl
who ran against her
for Princess of the Spring Fling.
I have to try.
I don't think you understand.
You'd have to convince
everyone here
to vote for you instead of her...
The athletes, the fashionistas,
the dramas, the eco-kids,
the techies, the rockers.
Why is everypony...
uh, everybody...
separated this way?
Maybe it was different
at your old school,
but at CHS, everybody
sticks to their own kind.
One thing they do have in common
is that they know Sunset Shimmer's
gonna rule the school
until we graduate.
Not if I can help it.
So, where would I find the head
of the Party Planning Committee?
Fluttershy said she'd
probably be in here.
Incoming!
Hi. My name's Twilight
Sparkle, and...
Pinkie Pie?
Are you psychic?
Uh, no. I don't think so.
Unless of course that's
something you can do here.
Not usually.
Fluttershy said this is
where I'd find the head
of the Fall Formal Party
Planning Committee.
Fluttershy, huh?
Don't let the whole
shy thing fool you.
She can be a real meanie.
You two aren't friends?
Waited a bit to get your
name on the ballot, huh?
Dance is day after tomorrow.
I'm brand new here.
Ooh!
I thought you didn't look familiar.
Now that I'm really looking at you,
do you have a twin sister
who lives in the city,
has a pet dog named Spike that
looks just like that one?
Uh, maybe?
Thought so. Anyhoo,
just need to fill this out
and you are officially
up for the coveted
Princess of the Fall Formal Crown.
Wow! You have really
bad handwriting!
It's like you never
held a pen before.
Is it?
Somebody order a dozen cases
of fizzy apple cider?
Ooh! Ooh! Me! Me! Me! Me!
Yeah, uh-huh, me!
- Can you bring in the rest?
- Yep.
Hey, I know you.
You do?
Sure. You're the new girl
who gave Sunset Shimmer
the what-for today.
Twilight Sparkle here is gonna
run against Sunset Shimmer
for Princess of the Fall Formal!
I'd think twice about that.
Oh, sure, she'll probably
approach you all friendly-like...
"I sure am looking forward to
some friendly competition."
"That's so good to hear."
But then here comes
the backstabbing.
About the only girl at this school
you can trust less
than Sunset Shimmer
is Rainbow Dash.
Rainbow Dash?
She's the captain of like
every team at Canterlot High.
She's also the captain of saying
she's gonna do something for
you and then turning around
and not even bothering to show up.
Thanks for the advice, Applejack,
but this is something
I really need to so.
Suit yourself.
Hey, how did you know
my name was Applejack?
Um, I uh... Didn't you say?
Here you go.
Well, it was sure nice
meeting you both.
I'm sure I'll be seeing you around.
That one's trying to hide a secret
but I am totally onto her.
She's psychic!
Uh-huh. If you say so.
This looks terrible!
There should be more streamers
near the stage and fewer balloons!
Yeah! Streamers!
And fewer balloons!
Fizzy apple cider?
Ugh! This is my coronation,
not a hoedown!
Well, now, it ain't
necessarily gonna be
your coronation this time around!
Oh, is that so?
You country folk really
aren't that bright.
Must be why the other students
say such awful things about you.
Obviously it's gonna
be my coronation.
I'm running unopposed.
Not this time. The new
girl just signed up.
What?
I know. Her handwriting
is really bad.
Where is this "Twilight Sparkle"?
I'm looking forward to
meeting the competition.
Can't believe I didn't
recognize you earlier.
Should've known Princess Celestia
would send her prized pupil
here after my crown.
And her little dog too.
It's my crown.
Whatever.
This is just a minor
setback for me.
You don't know the first
thing about this place
and I already rule it.
If that's so, why do you
even need my crown?
You went to an awful lot of trouble
to switch it with the
one that belongs here.
Pop quiz.
What happens when you bring
an Element of Harmony
into an alternate world?
You don't know? Seriously?
And you're supposed to be
Princess Celestia's star student?
Then again, what were the
chances she'd find somepony
as bright as me to
take under her wing
after I decided to leave Equestria?
Bit embarrassing that you
were the best she could do.
Oh, and I'd keep an
eye on your mutt.
Hate for him to be
taken away from you.
Is that a threat?
Oh, of course not.
But I'd cut down on the
chatter if I were you.
Don't want everyone to know
you two don't belong here,
now would you?
You want to be a princess
here? Please.
You don't know the first
thing about fitting in.
I want you to follow her.
Bring me something I can use
just like you did
with the last girl
who thought she could challenge me.
You got it, Sunset Shimmer.
When the crown and
its power are mine,
Twilight Sparkle will be sorry
she ever set hoof into this world.
Not that she would
have been much safer
if she'd stayed in Equestria.
Yeah. In Equestria.
What are you still doing here?
Go!
Excuse me.
The great, and powerful Trixie!
Needs some peanut butter crackers.
Voilà!
Sunset Shimmer is right.
I don't know the first
thing about this place.
If I'm going to really
fit in and win votes,
we need to do some research.
Research?
This place has a school.
I have to believe it's
got a... Library!
Got your phone?
Got yours?
So I just push the letters here
and then the words and moving
pictures will come up here?
That's right.
Maybe this place does have magic.
♪ When you're a younger... ♪
Girls, what are you doing?
We're just seeing how many hits
our new music video has gotten.
♪ So the three of
us fight the fight! ♪
- ♪ There is nothing... ♪
- No. Just...
No.
The school computers are
for research purposes only.
It's just as well, y'all.
Some of the comments about
our song were really awful.
"Epic fail".
"Funniest thing I've ever seen"?
Funniest thing they've
ever seen, huh?
Uh, I don't know that that's
what you should take from...
Whoa!
Shhhhh!
The library will be
closing in five minutes.
I hadn't even thought about where
we're going to sleep tonight.
Way ahead of you.
It's a little dusty.
But it doesn't seem like
anybody comes up here.
It's perfect, Spike.
So, how did your research go?
I found this book.
It's called a "Yearbook".
It seems to be something they use
to keep a record of things that
have happened at the school.
Look.
That's Pinkie Pie, Rainbow
Dash, Applejack, Fluttershy,
and I'm going to bet the girl
on the far right is Rarity.
There's a Rarity here?!
Uh, I mean uh, interesting photo.
It's interesting because they
look like they're friends.
They do look like our friends.
But I thought we'd figured
that out already.
No. I mean, they look like
they're friends with each other.
But it doesn't seem like
they're friends now.
Not so much.
I just can't help
but get the feeling
that Sunset Shimmer had
something to do with it.
I wouldn't put it past her.
But she wanted your crown
'cause she's planning on
doing something even worse.
If you're going to stop her,
you have to focus on
making friends here.
You can't worry about why these
girls aren't friends anymore.
Even if they do remind you
of your Ponyville friends.
You're right, Spike.
Eye on the prize.
Good morning, students,
and happy Thursday.
Just a reminder to
pick up your ballots
for the Princess of the
Fall Formal today.
They are due by the time the
dance starts tomorrow night,
so don't forget to turn them in
and make your voice heard.
Fluttershy said I'd need to win
over all those different groups
if I want to become Princess
of the Fall Formal,
so I've compiled a list
of talking points.
You made a list?
That's so unlike you.
Uh.
Please. Continue.
I'll start introducing myself.
Sprinkle in some of things
I've learned about their world
into the conversation.
Show them how I fit in here.
Okay, Spike.
Time to make a good
first impression
on my fellow students.
The whole world sort
of depends on it.
Hey, look!
Why is everybody
looking at me funny?
Whoa!
What are you...? Why did you...?
Rarity?
Perfect.
Ooohh yes! This is good.
No one will recognize you.
Why wouldn't I want to be...?
And we'll need a
disguise for your dog.
Which is too bad.
He really is so adorable.
You know, with a little work,
I think I could make him
look like a rabbit instead.
Huh?
A rabbit?
There you are, Twilight.
So much for the disguise.
I've been lookin' all over for ya.
Me too.
Me three.
I like your new look.
I do have an eye for
these sorts of things.
Not that you seem to care.
What?!
Why do you think she doesn't care?
No. Never mind.
Why were you all looking for me?
What's going on?
Oh. She hasn't seen it yet.
Seen what?
Oh, it's really not that bad.
Twilight Sparkle wants to be
your Fall Formal Princess.
But what does it say
about our school
if we give someone like this...
such an important honor?
I...
I take that back. It's pretty bad.
But this all happened yesterday.
At the library.
Has everyone in the
school seen this?
Is that why they were all
looking at me that way?
Mmmm...
What am I going to do?
No one is going to vote
for me after seeing this.
Not that it'll make any difference,
but I'll still vote for you.
You were so nice to stand up for me
when Sunset Shimmer was
picking on me yesterday.
If you still want to run,
maybe there's something
I can do to help.
Word of advice.
Don't accept her help.
She doesn't take
anything seriously.
Why do you have to
be so awful to me?
Oh, pphht!!
Don't play innocent, Pinkie Pie.
You're no better than she is.
And what is that supposed to mean?
I am happy to offer up
my assistance as well
to someone who would appreciate
what I have to offer!
Listen to y'all carryin' on!
Get over it and move on!
You mean like how
you've gotten over
what happened with Rainbow Dash?
She said she'd get
the softball team
to make an appearance
at my bake sale.
I tell everybody they're comin',
and then not one of 'em shows up.
She made a liar outta me.
That's different.
Is not!
Is too!
Stop!
All of you!
I want to show you something.
You were friends once.
The Freshman Fair. Y'all remember?
Yes...
But something happened.
I think that something
was Sunset Shimmer.
Well, it's a nice theory, darling,
but Sunset Shimmer had
nothing to do with it.
She's right.
Sunset Shimmer isn't the one
who ruined my silent auction
for the animal shelter
by bringing fireworks
and noisemakers.
It was supposed to be a serious
event and Pinkie Pie ruined it.
What are you talking about?
I got a text from you saying
that you didn't want a silent
auction, you wanted a big party.
I never sent you a text.
You didn't?
You don't think she's the one
who's been sending me
those emails, do you?
Every time I volunteer
to help with decorations
at a school function, I get
an e-mail from Pinkie Pie
saying she has plenty
of volunteers.
And then I find out she's
done everything herself.
I never sent you any e-mails.
Maybe she's the reason Rainbow Dash
didn't show up for my bake sale.
Didn't you ever ask Rainbow
Dash why she didn't show up?
I guess I kinda stopped talkin'
to her at all after that.
Maybe now would be
a good time to start.
They're actually talking.
That's a good sign.
Hugs! Hugs are always good.
Somebody, and I think
we can all guess who,
told Rainbow Dash that my bake sale
had been moved to a different day.
Dash showed up with
all the softball team
and thought I'd cancelled on her.
So, you're looking to
dethrone Sunset Shimmer
and become Princess of
the Fall Formal, huh?
Gotta say I'd really
love to see that happen.
I'll totally help you out.
All you gotta do is beat me
in a game of one-on-one.
What?
First to five goals wins.
One-zip.
That's game!
I really thought you were going
to pull it off there in the end.
So, what's the plan?
How can I help you be Princess
instead of Sunset Shimmer?
But, I lost.
Of course you lost. I'm awesome.
But I'm not gonna help just anybody
try and beat Sunset Shimmer.
The Fall Formal Princess
should be someone
with heart and determination.
You proved you've got 'em both.
And can I get mine with extra oats?
Oats?
Uh, scratch that.
However you normally
make it is fine.
Oh, we've got to stop bumping
into each other like this.
You know me, always trying to
make a big splash around here.
'Cause my drink, kind of
splashed on the ground.
I'm gonna go over there now.
Don't even think about it.
You're already trying
to get her crown.
Who knows what Sunset
Shimmer would do
if you ended up getting
her ex-boyfriend too.
I'm not trying to...
I don't even know...
We just accidentally...
Ex-boyfriend?
Flash Sentry broke up
with her a few weeks ago.
I can't believe she hasn't done
something awful to him yet.
Maybe she's just waiting
until she has the power
to do something really awful.
All right girls, dance
is tomorrow night
and we still don't know how
we're gonna get Twilight
the votes she needs
to be named Princess.
Right now folks only
know the Twilight
from that video Sunset
Shimmer posted online.
We need to help 'em
see her differently.
Hmmm...
Yes...
We got it!!!
I mean...
perhaps I have a solution.
Now this may be an absolutely
preposterous idea,
but what if tomorrow we all
wore these as a sign of unity?
Freshman year they were
very very popular.
A way for everybody to
show their school spirit.
You know, "Go Canterlot
Wondercolts!"
I haven't sold any in ages.
I mean, the five of us are
obviously very different
but deep down we're all
Canterlot Wondercolts.
Sunset Shimmer is the
one who divided us.
Twilight Sparkle is the
one who united us.
And we're going to let
everyone know it!
What do you think?
♪ Hey, hey everybody ♪
♪ We've got something to say ♪
♪ We may seem as different ♪
♪ As the night is from day ♪
♪ But you look a little deeper ♪
♪ And you will see ♪
♪ That I'm just like you ♪
♪ And you're just like me, yeah! ♪
♪ Hey, hey everybody ♪
♪ We're here to shout ♪
♪ That the magic of friendship ♪
♪ Is what it's all about, yeah ♪
♪ We thought we were different ♪
♪ As the night is from the day ♪
♪ Until Twilight Sparkle ♪
♪ Helped us see another way ♪
♪ So get up, get down ♪
♪ If you're gonna come around ♪
♪ We can work together ♪
♪ Helping Twilight win the crown ♪
♪ So get up, get down ♪
♪ 'Cause it's gonna make a sound ♪
♪ If we work together ♪
♪ Helping Twilight
Sparkle win the crown! ♪
♪ Hey, hey hands up now ♪
♪ We're sending a
message to the crowd ♪
♪ Hands wave up then come down ♪
♪ We party together all around ♪
♪ Generous honesty ♪
♪ Laughter, kindness, loyalty ♪
♪ Twilight helped us each to see ♪
♪ All that we can be ♪
♪ So get up, get down ♪
♪ If you're gonna come around ♪
♪ We can work together ♪
♪ Helping Twilight win the crown ♪
♪ So get up, get down ♪
♪ 'Cause it's gonna make a sound ♪
♪ If we work together ♪
♪ Helping Twilight
Sparkle win the crown! ♪
♪ I'm gonna be myself ♪
♪ No matter what I do ♪
♪ And if we're different yeah ♪
♪ I want you to be true to you ♪
♪ If you follow me we'll put
our differences aside ♪
♪ We'll stick together and start
working on that school pride! ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around ♪
♪ Start now, make a change ♪
♪ Gonna come around ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, Hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around ♪
♪ Canterlot Wondercolts ♪
♪ Help her win the crown ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around ♪
♪ Start now, make a change ♪
♪ Gonna come around ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around ♪
♪ Canterlot Wondercolts ♪
♪ Help her win the crown ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around ♪
♪ Start now, make a change ♪
♪ Gonna come around ♪
♪ Jump up, make a sound, hey! ♪
♪ Stomp your hooves, turn around... ♪
Take those off!
I have something I need you to do.
So like, these ears
are pretty cool.
Doesn't everyone
look just fabulous?
It was a great idea, Rarity.
Don't know what she's
smiling about.
Twilight's the one that's gonna
be Princess of the Fall Formal.
Vice Principal Luna, something
terrible has happened!
Isn't this just awful?
And after Pinkie Pie worked so
hard to make things so perfect.
Why would Twilight Sparkle
do something like this?
Why would you think
Twilight was responsible
for something like this?
Because I have proof.
But, but I don't understand.
This is clearly you in the
photographs, is it not?
Yes, but...
I think it should be fairly obvious
that the school cannot let someone
who would do something like this
compete for the Fall Formal crown.
Vice Principal Luna, I found these
in a trash can in the library.
I thought you should see them.
Someone obviously
combined these photos
to make it look like Twilight was
the one who trashed the gym.
I appreciate you bringing
this to my attention, Flash.
In light of this new evidence,
you may of course continue your bid
to be crowned the Princess
of the Fall Formal.
Thank you!
You have no idea how
important this is to me.
What was I going to do?
Not prove your innocence?
Wouldn't be much of a Canterlot
Wondercolt, would I?
I am afraid enough damage
has been done to the gym
that we will have to postpone
the dance until tomorrow night.
If you'll excuse me,
I need to let my sister know
about this latest development.
So, uh, I was wondering...
If you aren't already
going with somebody,
want to go to the Fall Formal
with me tomorrow night?
That would be... tomorrow night?
No. No no no no no no!
No. No no no no!
I can't... The portal.
That'll be too late!
One "no" would've been fine!
Everything okay in there?
Yes. Only it's not okay.
It's not okay at all.
If I don't get my crown tonight,
I won't be able to go back to
Equestria for another 30 moons.
Oh, what are we going to do?
Hmm... we tell them the truth.
Let them know what's
really at stake
if you don't get the crown tonight.
They'll help us
figure something out.
But what if they won't?
What if when they find out just
how different I really am?
Twilight, these girls
rallied around you
because they saw what
was in your heart.
They aren't going to feel
any differently about you
when they find out you're a
Pony Princess in Equestria.
I'm glad you followed
me here, Spike.
Me too. Unless of course we get
stuck here for another 30 moons.
You Okay?
The Fall Formal isn't
happening tonight.
What?
It had to be postponed
because Sunset Shimmer
had Snips and Snails
ruin all of Pinkie
Pie's decorations.
What?
But the Fall Formal has
to happen tonight.
Wha...?
You see...
You're from an alternate world
and you're a pony princess there
and the crown actually has a
magical element embedded in it
that helps power up
other magical elements
and without it they
don't work anymore
and you need them to help
protect your magical world
and if you don't get
the crown tonight
you'll be stuck in this world
and you won't be able to get back
for like a really,
really long time!
Yeah. I'm pretty sure
that isn't the reason.
No. She's pretty much spot on.
He can talk?
Oh, yeah.
And back where I come
from, I'm not even a dog.
I am a ferocious
fire-breathing dragon!
This is so amazing!
Tell me, what are you
thinking right now?
Sure would love a scratch
behind the old ears.
Gah...
Uh, maybe later.
How did you know all that?
Just a hunch.
Wait a minute.
Let me get this straight.
You're a pony?
You're a princess?
You're from another world?
Mm-hmm.
That is... awesome!
See. Told ya.
I simply cannot believe
they did all this.
If I only had some
kind of Party Cannon
that could decorate
everything super fast.
I know it seems impossible, but
maybe if we all work together?
Now that's the kind
of can-do spirit
I'm lookin' for in a
Fall Formal Princess.
Let's do it, y'all!
Absolutely!
Rock on!
Yes-indeedily!
Yay!
♪ It's time for us
to come together ♪
♪ It's the only way that
things will get better ♪
♪ It's time for us to take a stand ♪
♪ So come on and
lend a helping hand ♪
♪ Fix it up ♪
♪ Yeah it's all right ♪
♪ We'll get it ready ♪
♪ By tonight ♪
♪ Mix it up ♪
♪ Yeah help a friend ♪
♪ We'll come together ♪
♪ In the end ♪
♪ It's time to show that
we got school spirit ♪
♪ Raise your voice ♪
♪ And let everyone hear it ♪
♪ It's time to show
that we're strong ♪
♪ So come on everybody sing along ♪
♪ Look how we've all come together ♪
♪ Things are only just
starting to get better ♪
♪ Look how we've all come together ♪
♪ Things are only
gonna to get better ♪
♪ Better better better ♪
♪ Fix it up ♪
♪ Yeah it's all right ♪
♪ We'll get it ready ♪
♪ By tonight ♪
♪ Mix it up ♪
♪ Yeah help a friend ♪
♪ We'll come together ♪
♪ In the end ♪
♪ Fix it up ♪
♪ Yeah it's all right ♪
♪ We'll get it ready ♪
♪ By tonight ♪
♪ Mix it up ♪
♪ Yeah help a friend ♪
♪ We'll come together ♪
♪ Together
Now! ♪
This looks soooooo good!
All right, everyone.
Fall Formal is back
on for this evening.
So you'd better get out of
here and start getting ready.
Oh. And don't forget
to cast your ballots
for Fall Formal Princess
on your way out.
You got my vote, Twilight.
Mine, too.
You're lucky she was
able to pull this off.
Next time I ask you to
make a mess of things,
try to show a little restraint.
I need this formal to go on tonight
just as much as she does.
I still can't believe
we pulled that off.
I can. We're awesome!
Enough chatter, girls.
We need to get ready.
And we need to look fabulous!
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ We're getting ready ♪
♪ And we're doing it up right ♪
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ Friendship survived ♪
♪ Now we'll start it out right ♪
♪ The time's right ♪
♪ Gonna make it last ♪
♪ 'Cause it's the first night ♪
♪ That we're ever gonna start
to just have fun together ♪
♪ We're so glad, so happy
we could never be mad ♪
♪ Did it right, now ♪
♪ This is our big night, now ♪
♪ Six friends on the way up now ♪
♪ Six friends here to show you how ♪
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ We're getting ready ♪
♪ And we're doing it up right ♪
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ We made it happen ♪
♪ Now let's party all night ♪
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ This is our big night! ♪
Twilight!
Look, I know you said no about
going to the Fall Formal with me
but would you reconsider and
at least have one dance?
I didn't say no.
I mean, I did, but
I didn't mean no to you.
I was...
what I mean is, yes.
I'd love to dance with you.
Anybody seen Sunset Shimmer?
Maybe she was too
embarrassed to show.
She's gotta know you
won by a landslide.
Maybe.
First off I want to say
how wonderful everything
looks tonight.
You all did a magnificent
job pulling things together
after the unfortunate
events of earlier.
And now, without further ado,
I'd like to announce the winner
of this year's Fall Formal Crown.
The Princess of this
year's Fall Formal is...
Twilight Sparkle!
Congratulations, Twilight.
Twilight! Help!
Spike?
They got Spike!
That's close enough.
Twilight!
Don't hurt him.
Oh I wouldn't dream of it.
I'm not a monster, Twilight.
Let him go.
You don't belong here.
Give me the crown and you can
go back to Equestria tonight.
Or keep it and never go home.
Tick-took, Twilight.
We haven't got all night.
The portal will be closing on
its own in less than an hour.
So...
what's your answer?
No.
What?
Equestria.
Your friends. Lost to you forever.
Don't you see what I'm
about to do to the portal?
Yes. But I've also seen
what you've been able to
do here without magic.
Equestria will find
a way to survive
without my Element of Harmony.
This place might not if I allow
it to fall into your hands.
So go ahead. Destroy the portal.
You are not getting this crown.
Fine. You win.
You are so awesome!
Can't believe you were
gonna do that for us.
It's no wonder you're
a real live princess.
Yes. She's so very special.
Grab him, you fools!
Spike!
Fluttershy!
I'll take that.
At last.
More power than I
could ever imagine.
This is gonna be so cool!
I've had to jump through
so many hoops tonight
just to get my hands on this crown
and it really should have
been mine all along.
But let's let bygones be bygones.
I am your Princess now.
And you will be loyal to me.
Round them up and bring
them to the portal.
Spoiler alert.
I was bluffing when I said I was
going to destroy the portal.
I don't want to rule this
pathetic little high school.
I want Equestria.
And with my own little
teenage army behind me,
I'm going to get it.
No. You're not.
Oh, please.
What exactly do you think
you're going to do to stop me?
I have magic and you have nothing.
She has us.
Gee, the gang really is
all back together again.
Now step aside.
Twilight has tried to
interfere with my plans
one too many times already.
She needs to be dealt with.
What?
The magic contained in my Element
was able to unite with those
that helped create it.
Honesty.
Kindness.
Laughter.
Generosity.
Loyalty.
Magic.
Together with the crown,
they create a power beyond
anything you could imagine.
But it is a power
you don't have the
ability to control.
The crown may be upon your
head, Sunset Shimmer,
but you cannot wield it,
because you do not possess the
most powerful magic of all...
the Magic of Friendship.
What is happening?
Here and in Equestria,
it is the only magic that
can truly unite us all.
You will never rule in Equestria.
Any power you may have had
in this world is gone.
Tonight you've shown
everyone who you really are.
You've shown them what
is in your heart.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't know there
was another way.
The Magic of Friendship doesn't
just exist in Equestria.
It's everywhere.
You can seek it out.
Or you can forever be alone.
The choice is yours.
But all I've ever
done since being here
is drive everyone apart.
I don't know the first
thing about friendship.
I bet they can teach you.
Those are my girls! Woo hoo!
Did that dog just talk?
Whoa. Weird.
Seriously?
The talking dog is the weird
thing about all this?
I for one think you're adorable.
Oh, Yeah.
I believe this belongs to you.
A true Princess in any world
leads not by forcing
others to bow before her,
but by inspiring others
to stand with her.
We have all seen that you
are capable of just that.
I hope you see it too,
Princess Twilight.
I do.
Would now be a
completely awkward time
to ask you for that dance?
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ We made it happen ♪
♪ Now let's party all night ♪
♪ We're here now ♪
♪ And we worked so hard ♪
♪ To make it come
around to tonight ♪
♪ So let's try to make
it last forever ♪
♪ The school lights so bright ♪
♪ Beat is pumpin'
through the night ♪
♪ Party's starting ♪
♪ DJ's got the music just right ♪
♪ Six friends on the way up now ♪
♪ Six friends here to show you how ♪
♪ This is our big night ♪
♪ This is our big night! ♪
You'll look out for her, won't you?
Of course we will.
Although I do expect
some sort of apology
for last spring's debacle.
I have a feeling
she'll be handing out
a lot of apologies.
We'd better get going.
I know we've only been
friends for a short time,
but I'm going to miss
all of you so much.
That crown really does suit
you, Princess Twilight.
You know what, Spike,
I am starting to feel a little
more comfortable wearing it.
And the wings?
I've been walking on two legs
and picking things up with these.
Wings?
I'm thrilled that's all I'll be
dealing with back in Equestria.
Oh, bummer.
Twilight!
You're back!
You got your crown!
I knew you could do it!
Oh! We were so worried.
Sunset Shimmer. Is she all right?
I think she's going to be fine.
I left her in good hands.
What are hands?
Where did you stay?
What did they wear?
Did ya have fun?
What did you eat?
Would you say she's
just as awesome as me?
I want to tell you
everything. I do.
But I'm just so exhausted
from all the dancing.
Dancing?
We've got to stop bumping
into each other like this.
Who was that?
He's a new member of
the Castle Guard.
Flash Sentry, I think. Why?
Do you know him?
Not exactly.
Oooh!
Somepony's got a crush
on the new guy.
No. No I don't.
She does!
She absolutely does.
Don't be ridiculous. I don't
even know him. He just...
Totally reminds you of a guy
you met in that other world
who played guitar and was in a band
and helped prove you didn't
destroy all the decorations
for a big dance so you could
still run for princess
of the big dance and then asked
you to dance at that dance...
Right?
How did you know that?
Just a hunch.
♪ A friend for life ♪
♪ That's what you are to me ♪
♪ I couldn't see what was
right there n front of me ♪
♪ Turned my back and my
mind off track, yeah ♪
♪ You saw a world that was
something new entirely ♪
♪ Helped me to see
all the possibilities ♪
♪ Oh, like a star in the daylight ♪
♪ Like a diamond at night ♪
♪ Your light was hidden ♪
♪ From my sight ♪
♪ A friend for life ♪
♪ That's what you are to me ♪
♪ Every friendship is tested ♪
♪ Yu say sincere but
it's all unclear now ♪
♪ But with a word,
everything changes ♪
♪ And just like that you
and I are right back ♪
♪ Oh, like a star in the daytime ♪
♪ Like a diamond at night ♪
♪ The light will shine
when the time is right ♪
♪ A friend for life ♪
♪ That's what you are to me ♪
♪ When I put my hand out ♪
♪ And I thought I would fall ♪
♪ You knew what I needed ♪
♪ And you came around
to fix it all ♪
♪ A friend for life ♪
♪ That's what you are to me ♪
♪ A star in the daylight ♪
♪ A friend for life ♪
♪ That's what you are to me ♪
♪ That's what you are to me. ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org